Feature/devcred 662 [affiliation-merchant-bank-info-list] (#13)
stone-payments/affiliation-web-components: packages/affiliation-merchant-addresses-list/README.md

# Sling Merchant Addresses Business Card Component.

> This component renders a card element with the merchant contacts information within. It uses both card and list basic components as content wrappers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component renders a card element with the merchant addresses information inside. It uses both card and list basic components as content wrappers.
```
